README.md, before:

# NAME

WWW::JSON - Make working with JSON Web API's as painless as possible

# SYNOPSIS

    use WWW::JSON;
    

    my $wj = WWW::JSON->new(
        base_url    => 'https://graph.facebook.com',
        base_params => { access_token => 'XXXXX' }
    );
    my $r = $wj->get('/me', { fields => 'email' } );
    my $email = $r->res->{email} if ($r->success);

# DESCRIPTION

WWW::JSON is an easy interface to any modern web API that returns JSON.

It tries to make working with these API's as intuitive as possible.



# PARAMETERS

## base\_url

The root url that all requests will be relative to.

## base\_params

Parameters that will be added to every request made by WWW::JSON. Useful for basic api keys

## authorization\_basic

Accepts a hashref of basic HTTP auth credentials in the format { username => 'antipasta', password => 'hunter2' }

Every request made by WWW::JSON will use these credentials.

## authorization\_oauth1

Accepts a hashref of OAuth 1.0A credentials. All requests made by WWW::JSON will use these credentias.



# METHODS

## get

$wj->get($path,$params)

Performs a GET request to the relative path $path. $params is a hashref of url query parameters.

## post

$wj->post($path,$params)

Performs a POST request. $params is a hashref of parameters to be passed to the post body

## req

$wj->req($method,$path,$params)

Performs an HTTP request of type $method. $params is a hashref of parameters to be passed to the post body

# LICENSE

Copyright (C) Joe Papperello.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

# AUTHOR

Joe Papperello <antipasta@cpan.org>

Commit message:

Adding response_transform for apis with annoying boilerplate structures

README.md, after:

# NAME

WWW::JSON - Make working with JSON Web API's as painless as possible

# SYNOPSIS

    use WWW::JSON;
    

    my $wj = WWW::JSON->new(
        base_url    => 'https://graph.facebook.com',
        base_params => { access_token => 'XXXXX' }
    );
    my $r = $wj->get('/me', { fields => 'email' } );
    my $email = $r->res->{email} if ($r->success);

# DESCRIPTION

WWW::JSON is an easy interface to any modern web API that returns JSON.

It tries to make working with these API's as intuitive as possible.



# PARAMETERS

## base\_url

The root url that all requests will be relative to.

## base\_params

Parameters that will be added to every request made by WWW::JSON. Useful for basic api keys

## default\_response\_transform

Many API's have a lot of boilerplate around their json responses.

For example lets say every request's meaningful payload is included inside the first array index of a hash key called 'data'.

Instead of having to do $res->{data}->\[0\]->{key1}, you can specify default\_response\_transform as sub { shift->{data}->\[0\] } 

Then in your responses you can get at key1 directly by just doing $res->{key1}

## authorization\_basic

Accepts a hashref of basic HTTP auth credentials in the format { username => 'antipasta', password => 'hunter2' }

Every request made by WWW::JSON will use these credentials.

## authorization\_oauth1

Accepts a hashref of OAuth 1.0A credentials. All requests made by WWW::JSON will use these credentias.



# METHODS

## get

$wj->get($path,$params)

Performs a GET request to the relative path $path. $params is a hashref of url query parameters.

## post

$wj->post($path,$params)

Performs a POST request. $params is a hashref of parameters to be passed to the post body

## req

$wj->req($method,$path,$params)

Performs an HTTP request of type $method. $params is a hashref of parameters to be passed to the post body

# LICENSE

Copyright (C) Joe Papperello.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

# AUTHOR

Joe Papperello <antipasta@cpan.org>
